hi to all of you with on 96 today in
This video tutorial will show you how
increase the performance of your PC
using windows readyboost
readyboost a is a simple feature
of windows using one
very simple usb key allows you
to increase your capacity
computer ram memory and then of
increase its performance
ok first
we connect the computer by USB stick
and here is the autoplay in some cases in
bottom after apply them to view
the files also comes out the say option
of windows busts in some cases no
so it comes out
click on exit and go to the start menu
and the computer is gone click with the
right click on the
your usb stick and go up
property and later on readyboost
here is then initially to you
will appear so there was written not
use device to activate it
click on dedicate device a
readyboost and will dedicate the maximum of
space available to readyboost that will be
4 gb
as you can see here you can't use more than
4 gb to boost even if your
USB stick is more than banks
memory and click here instead of
uses
the device you can choose
how much space to dedicate bust areas
windows and I will profile you to withdraw
all the space ie layout this
this is the automatic option then
click on dedication to the device of
envelopes and finally and click ok do the
configuration and the game is done well
I hope this video was there
of help dathlon on 96 and all and to
next